hello good guys found in this one
new episode of iphoneitalia hot news
new episode I'll tell you right away
sorry for the style of this video
different from note because I'm recording
with the old camera in an old one
setup then probably the quality
it won't be as good as the last ones
unfortunately, today, video went like this
at least in any case I am
recording from a camera of a
certain type so we can start with
the main news of this
apple world week
then guys the first news today
is what concerns the apple title
which continues to break the record on
record now seems almost to be
become an appointment I do not say
daily but weekly now on
new record of almost 130 dollars for
action remembered that there was a split
of the shares they would therefore have
achieved even higher prices if
there was not this division
of the shares then apple continues to
not only break the record on record
from the sales point of view but
also in this case from the point of view
of the value of his shares on the stock exchange
the second news concerns the batteries
not only for iphone but for all
technological devices because it was
made a very interesting discovery that
could finally lead to years later
an improvement of the situation for
regarding batteries in general
in fact some researchers who on the
alzheimer's disease have discovered one
particular molecule that if
properly treated allows the
recharge a battery in a minute
only boys a fabulous thing
it would really be something
spectacular fast recharge
which would allow us to stick in
any time at a hold of
current to get 100 percent of
charge on our device reducing
so at the most
the need to use batteries
external to attach to these batteries
external for 23 hours maybe the whole thing
in short, in a very fast very
light and also very simple there
instead we move to jailbreak
because this was the week in
which has been released a non jailbreak
for one of the latest versions of ios ma
for one of the versions of ios that is not
still public or ios 8.2 beta 2
only for mac and ios 8.2 beta 1 and see
two only for windows windows
we can jailbreak on both
Mac- only versions
on version 2 of ios 8.2 bet all in
substance this is a version
modified jailbreak pp
the break we had already seen for the
previous versions of ios pot jailbreak
realized by the team separated by time
while doing precisely with regard to the
windows version was just right
released type jailbreak for ios 8.2
beta 1 and beta 2
so as usual if you want to follow
jailbreak now find the guides
complete, however, remember that the beta are
only for developers and therefore if not
you are a developer you do not have access
to beta very little since the launch of
apple work that seems more and more
next has been announced on
new pebble time the pebble company of the
first pebble classic of the pebble steel
has in fact officially published the
information and also the images
in short, all the pre has already started
order pre order which was one thing
amazing guys because these guys
this startup that now has a lot of start up
no longer wanted to reach 500 thousand
financing dollars to support
the kickstarter project in a period
of indefinite time years have reached
Then 5 million less than a day then
project went absolutely to
large as usual because 3 bondone
new kickstarter but talking about the pebble
time is for the first time of a
color pub with multiple color screen
lighter thinner with a design
questionable I don't like it much though
with some features a bit smarter than there
they basically wanted the timeline now
it is a very beautiful thing done well
thought well in facebook style though
we want with all our commitments that
are shown in this timeline
pressing the lower buttons let's go
on future events while pressing the
central button in that case there
we place all this on the present
in addition to watch applications
space that pebble had already developed into
plus this for ball time allows you to
respond to notifications in a way
simple directly through the
integrated microphone the price of 199
dollars the battery is always the same
then from seven days duration
excellent
who knows how apple will answer this
time since that pebble is undoubtedly it
best selling best selling smartwatch ad
today therefore it is the biggest competitor
who has to face a competitor's apple
which however uses a philosophy
completely different than that
from other apple producers too
so we'll see what the will be
market response from here to some
month
in short, because we know Apple Watch
will be released in April with regard to
next beta of ios and also bsx as it is
been done already
apple would plan to open the
beta testing to all users therefore
for the first time without a developer ca
users can try out regularly
the next release of ios primo that
these are public for example ios
8.3 should already be open to all a
mid-March therefore really between
very little and the same speech should
happen for the far more interesting ios
9 which as we know will be presented
released in beta in June and then
can be tried until September
October
not only from developers but from everyone
users a grand opening that maybe
will not do that well know die welt that in
this way making him try more
people and then you can receive much more
feedback and work on correcting
those bugs that will be reported either
by users this time both from
developers while regarding
apple half-public versions already
ios 8.3 beta 2 released is the second
half of the next next update
next system update that
for the moment it does not include the big ones
news if not new ones and wife
now multiethnic then all
wives have more smilies with them with
complexion of different colors
the wives of
apple watch is also that of iphone e
mac are said to be updated then
some bugs are also fixed
related to wireless car play added on
lte support on verizon e networks
slight performance improvements
iphone 4s and iphone 5 for the rest there
they are big news as usual
in short, they are minor updates
we will see second apple watch maybe
the latest will come some other news
two news items today concern both
whatsapp the first is that whatsapp has
officially enabled calls on
android which means users
android can already experiment now
free voip calls on whatsapp
however it seems that not all users
android can do that right now because
maybe roll out is progressing
progressive as usual in these
cases while the second news that
concerns only in this case the
IOS users who were late are concerned
a guide we published on how
activate the whatsapp function now
web even for iphone I tell you right away is
a
it is necessary that silvia asks why
requires a tweak to activate it but one
once done this and once done the
jailbreak once installed this
tweak which is called whatsapp is neither blair
you can use whatsapp web
exactly like you do with android with
windows mode then connecting to
web page by scanning the code qr e
then practically having all your
real whatsapp chats for iphone on
browser on your Mac PC so you can
answer from there and the whole thing will be
synchronized agon whatsapp for iphone
well guys so even for today it is
I thank you all for watching
this new installment of the Italian fans a
fox news I apologize for the quality
of the video recorded with the other
camera but now I can tell you
the other camera lifts the batteries
I didn't load them in time
good guys then d'andrea cerbone
everything we feel at the next video
Hi everyone
hey hey click on me if you want to find out
the best iphone apps
week after week
or click on me if you want to find out
the latest news on the apple world e
iphone of the last week
or click on me to make you one
question on the iPhone but also on
anything else
or click on me to find out
all the secrets of the iphone ei world
tips to use it better and not
forget to join the channel if
you haven't already done it